add global hub api (#6145)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: apis/multiclusterglobalhub.json.adoc

[#multiclusterglobalhub-api]
= Multiclusterglobalhub API

[[_rhacm-docs_apis_multiclusterglobalhub_jsonoverview]]
== Overview

> This documentation is for the Multiclusterglobalhub resource for {product-title}. The Multiclusterglobalhub resource has four possible requests: create, query, delete and update. 

Reviewer: What do you think about this rewrite to make it more user focused?

```suggestion
Use the `Multiclusterglobalhub` resource for {product-title}. The `Multiclusterglobalhub` resource has four possible requests: create, query, delete, and update. 
```

Author: "to improve your cluster development" It seems a little wired, Is this your intent?

Reviewer: @yanmxa thanks for responding! I removed it. 

Basically, my intent was the "why" for the user. Like, why they'd use `MultiClusterHub` or what is the benefit. If we can't think of a simple way to say that, I think we can keep it pretty minimal and concise, like the new rewrite I did. 

Let me know what you think, thanks!

=== Version information
[%hardbreaks]

> __Version__ : 2.9.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
__Version__ : 2.10.0
```

=== URI scheme
[%hardbreaks]
__BasePath__ : /kubernetes/apis
__Schemes__ : HTTPS

=== Tags

> * multiclusterglobalhubs.operator.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha4: Create and manage multiclusterglobalhubs

Reviewer: Am I correct that this `Tag` could be written like the following?: 

```suggestion
* `multiclusterglobalhubs.operator.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha4`: Create and manage `multiclusterglobalhubs`.
```

Author: I'm not sure. @ldpliu @clyang82 What do you think of it?

Reviewer 3: I propose set it with same as other format of apis.
like: https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/db04d247dfa4173160ddc9d444a6313e99625463/apis/clusterset.json.adoc#tags
So I suggest use `* multiclusterglobalhubs.operator.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha4: Create and manage multiclusterglobalhubs`

Reviewer: @yanmxa and @ldpliu thanks! I made the change as you requested :)

[[_rhacm-docs_apis_multiclusterglobalhub_jsonpaths]]
== Paths

[[_rhacm-docs_apis_multiclusterglobalhub_jsoncreatemulticlusterglobalhub]]
=== Create a multiclusterglobalhub
....

POST /operator.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha4/namespaces/{namespace}/multiclusterglobalhubs/{multiclusterglobalhub_name}

....

==== Description

> Create a multiclusterglobalhub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a `multiclusterglobalhub`.
```

==== Parameters

[options="header", cols=".^2a,.^3a,.^9a,.^4a"]
|===
|Type|Name|Description|Schema
|*Header*|*COOKIE* +
__required__|Authorization: Bearer {ACCESS_TOKEN} ; ACCESS_TOKEN is the user access token.|string
|*Path*|*namespace* +
__required__|Namespace that you want to use, for example, default.|string
|*Body*|*body* +
__required__|Parameters describing the multiclusterglobalhub to be created.|<<_rhacm-docs_apis_multiclusterglobalhub_jsonmulticlusterglobalhub,Multiclusterglobalhub>>
|===

==== Responses

[options="header", cols=".^2a,.^14a,.^4a"]
|===
|HTTP Code|Description|Schema
|*200*|Success|No Content
|*403*|Access forbidden|No Content
|*404*|Resource not found|No Content
|*500*|Internal service error|No Content
|*503*|Service unavailable|No Content
|===

==== Consumes

> * `application/json`

Reviewer: To be consistent with the other bullet lists, maybe we should start with an action verb for users to follow? What do you think of the following suggestion?: 

```suggestion
* Consume your `multiclusterglobalhub` with the following: `application/json`.
```

==== Tags

> * operator.open-cluster-management.io

Reviewer: Same comment as above. It seemed at the beginning of this doc that we wanted to give the user some action to follow with the Tags? What do you think of this suggestion?: 

```suggestion
* Give your `multiclusterglobalhub` a tag with the following: `operator.open-cluster-management.io`.
```

                "type": "DataRetentionParsed"
            },
            {
                "lastTransitionTime": "2024-02-18T08:38:34Z",
                "message": "Deployment has minimum availability.",
                "reason": "MinimumReplicasAvailable",
                "status": "True",
                "type": "ManagerAvailable"
            },
            {
                "lastTransitionTime": "2024-02-18T08:39:01Z",
                "message": "Deployment has minimum availability.",
                "reason": "MinimumReplicasAvailable",
                "status": "True",
                "type": "GrafanaAvailable"
            },
            {
                "lastTransitionTime": "2024-02-18T08:38:37Z",
                "message": "Multicluster Global Hub is ready",
                "reason": "MulticlusterGlobalHubReady",
                "status": "True",
                "type": "Ready"
            }
        ]
    }
}
----

[[_rhacm-docs_apis_multiclusterglobalhub_jsonquerymulticlusterglobalhubs]]
=== Query all multiclusterglobalhubs
....

GET /operator.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha4/namespaces/{namespace}/multiclusterglobalhubs

....

==== Description

> Query your multiclusterglobalhubs for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Query your `multiclusterglobalhubs` for more details.
```

==== Parameters

[options="header", cols=".^2a,.^3a,.^9a,.^4a"]
|===
|Type|Name|Description|Schema
|*Header*|*COOKIE* +
__required__|Authorization: Bearer {ACCESS_TOKEN} ; ACCESS_TOKEN is the user access token.|string
|*Path*|*namespace* +
__required__|Namespace that you want to apply the multiclusterglobalhub to, for example, default.|string
|===

==== Responses

[options="header", cols=".^2a,.^14a,.^4a"]
|===
|HTTP Code|Description|Schema
|*200*|Success|No Content
|*403*|Access forbidden|No Content
|*404*|Resource not found|No Content
|*500*|Internal service error|No Content
|*503*|Service unavailable|No Content
|===

==== Consumes

> * `application/json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Consume your `multiclusterglobalhub` with `application/json`. 
```

==== Tags

> * operator.open-cluster-management.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Give your `multiclusterglobalhub` a tag with the following: `operator.open-cluster-management.io`.
```

[[_rhacm-docs_apis_multiclusterglobalhub_jsonquerymulticlusterglobalhub]]
=== Query a single multiclusterglobalhub
....

GET /operator.open-cluster-management.io/v1alpha4/namespaces/{namespace}/multiclusterglobalhubs/{multiclusterglobalhub_name}

....

==== Description

> Query a single multiclusterglobalhub for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query a single `multiclusterglobalhub` for more details.
```

==== Parameters

[options="header", cols=".^2a,.^3a,.^9a,.^4a"]
|===
|Type|Name|Description|Schema
|*Header*|*COOKIE* +
__required__|Authorization: Bearer {ACCESS_TOKEN} ; ACCESS_TOKEN is the user access token.|string
|*Path*|*multiclusterglobalhub_name* +
__required__|Name of the multiclusterglobalhub that you want to query.|string
|*Path*|*namespace* +
__required__|Namespace that you want to use, for example, default.|string
|===

==== Responses

[options="header", cols=".^2a,.^14a,.^4a"]
|===
|HTTP Code|Description|Schema
|*200*|Success|No Content
|*403*|Access forbidden|No Content
|*404*|Resource not found|No Content
|*500*|Internal service error|No Content
|*503*|Service unavailable|No Content
|===

==== Tags

> * operator.open-cluster-management.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Give your `multiclusterglobalhub` a tag with the following: `operator.open-cluster-management.io`.
```

[[_rhacm-docs_apis_multiclusterglobalhub_jsondeletemulticlusterglobalhub]]
=== Delete a multiclusterglobalhub
....
DELETE /operator.open-cluster-management.io/v1/namespaces/{namespace}/multiclusterglobalhubs/{multiclusterglobalhub_name}
....

==== Parameters

[options="header", cols=".^2a,.^3a,.^9a,.^4a"]
|===
|Type|Name|Description|Schema
|*Header*|*COOKIE* +
__required__|Authorization: Bearer {ACCESS_TOKEN} ; ACCESS_TOKEN is the user access token.|string
|*Path*|*multiclusterglobalhub_name* +
__required__|Name of the multiclusterglobalhub that you want to delete.|string
|*Path*|*namespace* +
__required__|Namespace that you want to use, for example, default.|string
|===

==== Responses

[options="header", cols=".^2a,.^14a,.^4a"]
|===
|HTTP Code|Description|Schema
|*200*|Success|No Content
|*403*|Access forbidden|No Content
|*404*|Resource not found|No Content
|*500*|Internal service error|No Content
|*503*|Service unavailable|No Content
|===

==== Tags

> * operator.open-cluster-management.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Give your `multiclusterglobalhub` a tag with the following: `operator.open-cluster-management.io`.
```
